In this lecture I wanted to talk about why drawing is so important.
Drawing is extremely important in all aspects of life not just in art.
And remember drawing is all about fundamentals.
So why is drawing so important.
Well first off it's the building block of all art.
Now there are for sure artists out there that don't draw at all but for the most part the majority of
all great art starts out with drawn.
And if you don't know how to draw.
Everything else is just going to crumble around.
So all of your painting techniques and whatever techniques that you want to use are going to crumble
to the ground because you don't have the fundamentals of drawing.
Another big reason why drawing is so important is because studios will take you if you can draw if you
can paint but you can't draw then they're not going to take you.
They need people that can draw.
And I'm talking about any type of studio an animation studio a videogame studio all different types
of studios.
They want you to be able to draw more than anything.
Let me share a story about this.
So as many of you know I got an internship with an animation studio when I was only 17 and I had no
idea how to use Photoshop which was the primary program that they used to do basically everything in
the studio.
Now how did I get an internship with them.
If I had no idea how to use Photoshop it was because I knew how to draw.
I walked into the studio with my sketchbook and it only had drawings in it.
I didn't know how to use Photoshop.
I didn't know anything else except for drawing and so they gave me an internship because they knew they
could teach me the techniques that are on top of drawing but remember drawing is the fundamental.
Another reason why drawn is important is because drawing skills can help you get jobs not just with
studios but in a lot of different places.
If you can be that guy in the meeting that can sketch out what they're talking about or it can sketch
out the product you're going to be a lot more valuable to a company.
Which brings me to my last point which is drawn is the easiest way to convey an idea.
You can talk about an idea you can explain it all you want but at the end of the day the best way to
show an idea is to draw it.
So I just wanted to quickly go over these reasons with you so that you had a better understanding of
why drawing is so important in society.
And I also wanted you to understand that you are gaining a very valuable skill that can be used in many
many many different industries.
Thanks for watching this lecture and I look forward to seeing you in the next one.